Critical equiv tags (#207)
teritorio/clearance-website: content/en/index.md

---
headline: The solution
title: "Clearance: an OSM replication tool with a built-in quality filter"

> description: "Clearance never modifies OpenStreetMap. Problematic data is simply held back, and corrections are made directly in OSM, at the source."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Clearance never modifies OpenStreetMap. Problematic data is simply held back, and corrections are to be made directly in OSM, at the source."
```

Préférence pour `are to be made` qui souligne la nécessité d'agir activement pour maintenir la qualité — l'action n'est pas encore faite, elle est attendue.

ctaLabel: See our roadmap
ctaTo: /how-it-works/roadmap
---
We offer Clearance as a hosted SaaS solution, as well as deployment and configuration support for your own environment.

In both cases, we help you implement the tool according to your business needs and technical constraints.

We can also evolve the project by developing new features or improving existing ones based on your specific requirements.
::

::landing-cta
---
title: Request a demonstration

> description: "During a demonstration, we'll discuss your context and needs, present how Clearance works, illustrate concrete use cases, and share our roadmap."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "During a demonstration, we will discuss your context and needs, present how Clearance works, illustrate concrete use cases, and share our roadmap."
```

Préférence pour la forme développée `we will` plutôt que la contraction `we'll`, plus appropriée dans un contexte écrit formel.
